DOC Fixing typos (#30640)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/svm.rst

  The same probability calibration procedure is available for all estimators
  via the :class:`~sklearn.calibration.CalibratedClassifierCV` (see
  :ref:`calibration`). In the case of :class:`SVC` and :class:`NuSVC`, this

>   procedure is built in `libsvm`_ which is used under the hood, so it does

Reviewer: Maybe this should be
```suggestion
  procedure is builtin to `libsvm`_ which is used under the hood, so it does
```

Reviewer 2: or "comes builtin with". But either is fine.
